.. _welcht.changes.2019:
.. _weleup.changes.2019:
.. _welfare.changes.2019:

====
2019
====

This is the :term:`change log` 2019 for :ref:`welfare`.
You should also consult also the :term:`change log` for :ref:`book`.
General information about how to read and maintain this document in :ref:`dev.changes`.

.. contents::
  :local:

2019-12-30
==========

Released welfare and weleup 19.12.0 to PyPI.

2019-11-07
==========

Fixed two bugs that caused server tracebacks in rare cases:

- :meth:`lino_xl.lib.addresses.AddressOwner.get_primary_address` now returns None if
  MultipleObjectsReturned (instead of raising a server error).
- aids.ConfirmationsByGranting.get_data_rows() when confirmation_type of the aids type was empty.

2019-10-02
==========

More changes in :mod:`lino_welfare.modlib.cbss`. The RetrieveTIGroups now works
for the first time after their passing from v1 to v2! (The long delay is mostly
due to administrative obstacles.)

2019-09-24
==========

Released Welfare 19.9.1 and weleup 19.9.1.
Site upgrade on the weleup preview site.

2019-09-18
==========

Released Welfare 19.9.0 and weleup 19.9.0.

2019-09-13
==========

New field :attr:`lino_xl.lib.cv.LanguageKnowledge.has_certificate` is a side
effect of a change in Avanti which might be useful for Welfare as well.

2019-04-17
==========

- (:ticket:`2968`): Remove cal.MyOverdueAppointments from dashboard.

2019-04-16
==========

Fixed :ticket:`2946` Wrong age display (leap year bug)

2019-03-26 (v19.3.0)
====================

Moved :ref:`welfare` out of :ref:`book`.
Created a new repository :ref:`weleup`
and moved :file:`man/welfare_de` to :file:`weleup/dedocs`.
The welfare repo is now a library repo, similar to xl.
It contains demo projects, specs and api for both weleup
and welcht (it makes no sense to explain welfare without also explaining weleup
and welcht, and it makes no sense to write technical docs about weleup without
also explaining general welfare plugins).
The doctrees of welcht or weleup just contain a short description, installation
instructions and links to the real docs.

Fixed a bug (:ticket:`2917`) in
:class:`lino_welfare.modlib.households.RefundsByPerson`.
This table considered children as adult only one year after the age
specified in :attr:`lino_xl.lib.households.Plugin.adult_age`.
Added a test case to cover this: :ref:`welfare.specs.households.20190326`.

Released version 19.3.0

2019-03-22
==========

.. currentmodule:: lino_welfare.modlib.isip

- :attr:`ContractTypeBase.overlap_group` was not yet
  visible in the following tables : :class:`ContractTypes`,
  :class:`lino_welfare.modlib.jobs.ContractTypes`,
  :class:`lino_welfare.modlib.art61.ContractTypes`.

- :class:`OverlappingContractsTest` now ignores contracts
  whose types have an empty :attr:`ContractBase.overlap_group`..

2019-03-04
==========

- French translation of "Excluded from" is now  "Du" (no longer "Exclus depuis")

2019-02-28
==========

Moved the chatelet part from the :mod:`lino_welfare` package into a new package
:mod:`lino_welcht`.  User code on production sites must replace
``lino_welfare.chatelet`` by ``lino_welcht``.
We plan to do the same operation for weleup soon.

Released version 19.2.0

(:ticket:`2851`) Remove the filter added 2019-02-27 on pcsw.PersonGroup so the
choicelists show only the activated groups. This filter was asked by Chatelet.

(:ticket:`2850`) add a filter on pcsw.PersonGroup so the choicelists show only
the activated groups.

2019-02-27
==========

(:ticket:`2853`) Missing dependency in 'six' in welfare. The
:xfile:`setup_info.py` may of course not import any module which is installed
only during :xfile:`setup.py`.

(:ticket:`2851`) Added a filter on pcsw.PersonGroup so the choicelists show
only the activated groups

(:ticket:`2851`) Removed study_type from column_names of ContractsByClient,
removed job_search from the main of pcsw.ClientDetail, moved 'is_seeking
unemployed_since seeking_since' from history_left to history_right of the main
of pcsw.ClientDetail.
